Mr Ruben - Greeting
[The man is staring off into the distance, seemingly unaware of his surroundings.]
[As you get closer, however, he eyes you from behind his sunglasses.]
What? (1)

1. Player
How are things going? (2)
You sound pissed. (3)
What's gotten you so cranky? (4)
What's your problem, buddy? (5)

Mr Ruben
2. Oh great, just great! With the exception of the five-fucking-thousand caps i lost, everything is just fine! (6)
3. [Laughs] Oh you can tell, can't you? Try losing five thousand caps, that'll get you pissed. (6)
4. Cranky doesn't even begin to describe it. Try losing five thousand caps, that'll get you pissed. (6)
5. My problem? I'll tell you my problem! I just lost a heap of money is what! Five-fucking-thousand caps! Gone, just like that! (6)

6. Player
Damn. that's gotta suck. (7)
Gambling troubles? seems to be the most common cause of money loss in Vegas. (8)
It's just money. You should be glad you're still alive. (9)
So what? You're in Vegas. Losing money is almost a given around these parts. (8)

Mr Ruben
7. Yeah, big time. Goddamn useless mercenaries.
   I paid them five thousand caps before the mission, and was gonna pay the rest afterwards. half up front, half upon completion.
   But then the fucking idiots go and get themselves killed by fiends! (10)

8. It's not because of gambling that I lost the money. I found out that my hired mercenaries were all killed by a group of fiends.
   I paid them five thousand caps before the mission, and was gonna pay the rest afterwards. half up front, half upon completion.
   But then the fucking useless bunch go and get themselves killed! (10)
	
9. It's not "just" fucking money, it's money I lost hiring the worst mercenaries around.
   I paid them five thousand caps before the mission, and was gonna pay the rest afterwards. half up front, half upon completion.
   But then the fucking idiots go and get themselves killed by fiends! (10)
   
10. Player
What was their job? (11)
Seriously, Fiends? I could've killed them all myself. (12)
Great! Less competition for me! (13)

Mr Ruben
11. They were supposed to clear out some fiends squatting on a valuable valuable piece of land.
	You'd think it sounds like a simple enough job, but apparently not even that can be expected.
